SNOW-1023211: Support resample with rule offset `W`, `ME`, `YE` with `closed = left` (#2254)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: docs/source/modin/supported/dataframe_supported.rst

| ``replace``                 | P                               | ``copy`` is ignored, ``method``, |                                                    |
|                             |                                 | ``limit``                        |                                                    |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| ``resample``                | P                               | ``axis``, ``label``,             | Only DatetimeIndex is supported and its ``freq``   |
|                             |                                 | ``convention``, ``kind``, ``on`` | will be lost. ``rule`` frequencies 's', 'min',     |

> |                             |                                 | , ``level``, ``origin``,         | 'h', and 'D' are supported. ``rule`` frequency 'W' |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                             |                                 | , ``level``, ``origin``,         | 'h', and 'D' are supported. ``rule`` frequencies   |
```

> |                             |                                 | , ``offset``, ``group_keys``     | , 'ME', and 'YE' are supported with                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                             |                                 | , ``offset``, ``group_keys``     | 'W', 'ME', and 'YE' are supported with             |
```
